ok so I did start this week couple
minutes late and I try to keep these are
on an hour so I will give us another
couple of minutes here we do have a lot
of questions that have come in we tried
to answer some of them we can see more
about what I'd like to do is not be open
up a seat so people want to have a
chance if somebody wants to jump in here
and take a seat please be mindful try to
wrap this up with about five minutes
here but if people wanted to have a
chance to just ask just go directly to
our place we can answer the question
meanwhile for somebody to to jump in
so we can hear about desperately trying
to build your platform it does take time
to build your platform they did his part
of the process get your foundation and
plays you have to build
able to be patient about it do the right
things as a comment about whether
drivers in two months is a good goal I
think that you know it all depends
because I like how much are you charging
your product what's your topic how many
people are in the market so I don't know
that you know that just this is about it
you can give a specific number of good
goal to have their subscribers you know
what do you think about that it's gonna
be like what's realistic for you because
if you don't believe that you can make
it happen you're not gonna try smart so
say you set yourself is lockheed
outrageous goal of reaching a hundred
thousand subscribers in one month if you
have 0 right now that's probably a
little crazy and you probably don't
really believe that you can do it so
you're not going to do everything we can
to get there right so if you set a goal
that you you really do believe it you
can achieve like 25 or whatever the
number I honestly doesn't even matter
because it's it's not really about the
number it's about so starting with 05
subscribers is really good and starting
with a hundred and it's even a hundred
and five that's still it's not even
percentage or you know a number it's
just keep moving keep moving forward
keep looking to the next 20 so it is
perfect if you feel like that's a big
number for you
yeah go for it and then you know you
write that number down remember it and
kind of don't just forget about it until
the money is gone
think about it every day like break it
down I'm not going to pretend that I can
do that kind of easy not in my head I
have subscribed one and a half
ok what have I done today to get one or
two subscribers what can I do today to
get to subscribers and that's all you
gotta do is just break it down and then
just working you know it into your day
take 15 minutes do whatever you gotta do
and when you get there ok so I do want
to bring it to an end here so that one
last question I want to ask you just
what I think you pretty much answered
this already so you can give the same
answer
get you to come up with anything new but
I like to help people develop a certain
mindset so what motivates you to keep on
producing you to me courses to keep on
doing this or doing this journey that
you started well there is actually a lot
of days I really I just really really
enjoy it I get great rescued it's just
it feels so good
upload photos of their finished pieces
like that they'll just be like this is
the first thing I've ever made her the
first piece of jewelry that I can
actually wear that how do you know I'm
gonna make Christmas gifts my entire
family and they're just so excited about
what they're learning that's just that's
just so awesome for me and I'm can you
know getting these type I get new
students almost every day I'm getting
this type of feedback actually in and it
just feels really good
beyond helping the students
are taking that might be you know maybe
part of your question you know i'm i'm
looking to the future where I can travel
the world and you know maybe I want to
take two months off and travel places
that I want to visit like I don't I
don't want to have to wait till I'm 65 a
retired so that I can start enjoying
life with my husband and doing the
things that we want to do you know like
to be idea of teaching online especially
teaching I'm laughing because you can do
that from anywhere and even if I just
wanted to move the world's first six
months not even necessarily like travel
vacations are just be somewhere else for
a little while just not have those guys
that most of us were probably used to
having you know just have a little bit
more freedom and be comfortable in
thinking of anything I want to do and
just be like hey look let's do it let's
just do you know why not that's what
really excites me about building my
Empire we're
I can be anywhere in the world and reach
anybody and reach people all over just
under different countries that's really
very good ok so people had there was a
lot of interaction of people had fun
just hear that I will have this on why
is fighting these things and put a
messages right there
my goodness I am so you'll be able to
find this on my website I do have to
install my website you guys carry on the
conversation there make sure that just
maybe remind everyone that there are a
lot of discussion questions so you can
carry on the conversation right on my
website thank everybody for joining us
today
a really good you know a good time got a
lot of a lot of it's definitely a
worthwhile have another look through the
replay here and just being able to like
posit think about some of the stuff she
said and take some notes a lot of
material and a whole lot more but that's
ok because I do these every weekend I
will have new guests each week and I'm
sure you gonna get here some of the same
here some of this some new points for
being here today and will call that a
route after so much everybody thinks
questions I'm sorry I may not have got
to the mall but I talked to have a great
day things just like you